This week I have been focused on deleting things from a scene.

- I started by making arraylists of "to delete" entities and scenes and then in the "End Of Frame" section of the run loop i would iterate through the arraylists and go delete each one. 
- This did not feel right though because it created a bunch of extra code and my gut was telling me that I could do it better. 
- Then I realized that I could use the existing event system as a deletion pipeline instead. I could create deletion events, with an "End Of Frame" event category and then process all those events in the right place. This is effectively the same thing as keeping a dedicated arraylist except it reuses systems that are already in place, and can potentially be extended to other use cases in the future. 
- Next after being able to delete entire entities and scenes well, I started to look into how I will handle deleting individual components from entities and scenes. I can either delete them on the spot when a deletion is called, or I can do the deferred deletion like i do with full entities and scripts. The main considerations are if I delete right away will that cause any issues with referencing later on. If I defer delete, how do I structure the event such that it can handle deleting any general purpose component. Because technically deleting a script is very different from deleting just a regular like camera component, since deleting a camera component could be done by simply deleting the component from the object where as the script is a linked list of entities so it requires a bit more to delete. So I was thinking maybe I should separate components that are on an entity and script components. But then what about scalability? when I add like, attribute component for example, will i have to make another specialized linked list traversal event thingy? 